Boss Fan, what about Li Rongfa?
From Huaishui to back
No one has been willing to pick up the goods for him yet.
He is so pitiful!
That's amorous and unjust.
He asked for it.
President Li, what about your motorcade?
Ahahaha
A convoy? You can't even find a convoy. Come on
Ah no
The wagons we got in line couldn't keep going
If you can't pick up the goods
You have to die
I know all this
I know it all
Boss Huang, can you be more accommodating?
Give me some time.
I was transferred from Huaibei Road
No need for President Li
I think I need to revisit
Your strength in Gangnam Road
Farewell to Boss Pang
Wait, boss Pang
The divorce again is your fault
Now don't blame me
Linyi, Linyi
They all say that being a person stays on the line
See you later
But you
It really fascinated me
Then don't blame me